Slm udp server fixes (#12632)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/NRFCLOUD_AT_commands.rst

.. note::
   To use ``#XNRFCLOUD``, the following preconditions apply:

>    * You must first preconnect provision the device to nRF Cloud, using the UUID from the modem firmware as device ID. See `nRF Cloud Preconnect Provisioning`_ for guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You must first preconnect provision the device to nRF Cloud, using the UUID from the modem firmware as device ID.
     See `nRF Cloud Preconnect Provisioning`_ for more information.
```
